Fair Source License 1.0

Copyright (c) 2023 Colorful Notion, Inc.

This Fair Source License (the "License") applies to the software code (the "Software") provided by Colorful Notion (the "Licensor").

1. Source Code Availability

The Licensor grants you the right to access and view the source code
of the Software. You may review, analyze, and learn from the code for
educational and non-commercial purposes.  You may use the code to
contribute to this repo (in the form of pull requests).

If you contribute, all your contributions must fall under this Fair Source
License.  If you contribute and earn tokens as a contributor, you may
do so to support commercial purposes, but such commercial purposes
do not imply license to this code.

2. Usage Restrictions

You are not granted the right to copy, modify, distribute, sublicense,
or otherwise make derivative works of the Software under this
License. Any usage beyond what is explicitly allowed in this License
is prohibited.

3. Usage Limits

The Licensor may impose usage limits, including but not limited to
restrictions on the number of users, installations, or transactions
within the Licensor's ecosystem. These limits are defined at the
Licensor's discretion and must be adhered to.

4. No Warranty

The Software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and
non-infringement. The Licensor shall not be liable for any claim,
damages, or other liability arising from, out of, or in connection
with the Software.

5. Enforcement

If you violate the terms of this License, your rights under this
License will terminate automatically. The Licensor reserves the right
to take appropriate legal action to protect its interests.

6. Changes to this License

The Licensor may revise the terms of this License at any time. It is
your responsibility to review the most recent version of the License
before using the Software to ensure compliance.

7. Governing Law

This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the United States, without regard to its conflict of law
principles.

By accessing, using, or viewing the Software, you agree to be bound by
the terms of this License. If you do not agree to the terms of this
License, you must not access or use the Software.

For questions about this License, please contact info@colorfulnotion.com


